[Doc] adjust compaction doc for shared-data (#56396)
StarRocks/starrocks: docs/en/administration/management/compaction.md

- Description: The maximum number of concurrent Compaction tasks allowed in a shared-data cluster. Setting this item to `-1` indicates calculating the concurrent task number in an adaptive manner, that is, the number of surviving CN nodes multiplied by 16. Setting this value to `0` will disable compaction.
- Introduced in: v3.1.0

```SQL
ADMIN SET FRONTEND CONFIG ("lake_compaction_disable_tables" = "11111;22222");
```

##### lake_compaction_disable_tables

- Default：""
- Type：String
- Unit：-
- Is mutable：Yes

> - Description：Disable compaction for certain tables, does not affect compaction that has started. Value is Table Id, seperated by ';'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Description：Disable compaction for certain tables. This will not affect compaction that has started. The value of this item is table ID. Multiple values are separated by ';'.
```

> **NOTE**
>
> - The CANCEL COMPACTION statement must be submitted from the Leader FE node.

> > - The CANCEL COMPACTION statement only applies to transactions that have not committed, that is, CommitTime is NULL is `SHOW PROC '/compactions'`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - The CANCEL COMPACTION statement only applies to transactions that have not committed, that is, `CommitTime` is NULL in the return of `SHOW PROC '/compactions'`.
```
